# INFO 2950 Final Project
## Deliverable - Intro

Coronavirus has forever changed the world and its modes of operation, endangering millions of lives while affecting people’s normal routines and habits since its emergence. According to data provided by the World Health Organization (WHO), in the United States, more than 1.2 million cases with over 69 thousand deaths have been confirmed, making it the most severe and affected nation in the world. In order to ensure public health and to block the further spread of the virus, a series of stay-at-home orders which urge people to practice social distancing and forbid non-essential businesses from opening have been issued by a plethora of state governments, forcing the society to seek the cyber world as a way of engaging in something resembling normal life and inserting immense pressure on the economy and businesses of all sizes to survive.

As a result, according to data provided by Los Angeles Times, a total of 26 million people have filed for jobless aid since the outbreak of coronavirus in the United States. (Associated Press, 2020) One in six American workers have encountered layoff since mid-March and the number is continuing to grow at an exponential rate, with a surge of 4.4 million people seeking jobless aid merely since last week. As college students, we have also encountered unprecedented challenges facing internships. Many of us have had internships cancelled while others are proceeding with a virtual experience. As a result, this study aims to collect data on the status of as many summer internships as possible and examine whether factors including industry, company size, internship type, location, and pay, have significance influence over the current  status of summer job market.
